chore(docs): show `self` or the extended type for referencing internal and extension functions, respectively (#3207)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/cells.mdx

Note that direct comparison via the `=={:tact}` or `!={:tact}` operators implicitly uses [SHA-256](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2#Hash_standard) hashes of the [standard `Cell{:tact}` representation](#cells-representation) under the hood.

> Explicit comparisons using `Cell.hash(){:tact}` or `Slice.hash(){:tact}` are also available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explicit comparisons using the `hash(){:tact}` extension function that works on cells and slices are also available:
```
